[Storybook 8] Concepts/Rooms Page (#5005)
Azure/communication-ui-library: packages/storybook8/stories/Concepts/Rooms/Docs.mdx

<img src="images/rooms-architecture.png" alt="Rooms architecture" />

A JavaScript quickstart for using the Rooms API is detailed [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/rooms/get-started-rooms?tabs=windows&pivots=programming-language-javascript). After a room is created and users are added to the room, the CallComposite from the UI Library allows users to join the room call.

### Creating a room

Here is the quickstart [sample code](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/rooms/get-started-rooms?pivots=programming-language-javascript&tabs=windows#create-a-room) for creating a room.

### Add or update participants

Users are added to a room with an assigned role as shown in this quickstart [sample code](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/rooms/get-started-rooms?pivots=programming-language-javascript&tabs=windows#add-or-update-participants) and their user IDs would be used for the Rooms API.

## Joining a room with the CallComposite

The following is a code snippet which shows how to join a room call with the CallComposite.

<Source code={RoomsCallSnippetText} />

> Also, you can to try this <a href="./?path=/story/composites-call-joinexistingcall--join-existing-call&args=callType:Rooms" target="_blank">preview sample</a> to join an existing room call by providing the room ID in the call locator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you can to try this <a href="./?path=/story/composites-callcomposite--join-existing-call" target="_blank">preview sample</a> to join an existing room call by providing the room ID in the call locator.
```

Author: I committed your changes. Thanks for fixing the link!
